[Music]
what's up guys so to become an Avenger
oh they're like trials or an interview
do me a favor can't you just be a
friendly neighborhood spider-man just
stay close to the ground
you're the spider-man from you two
can you summon anomaly of spiders oh
yeah no do you know I happen to miss
doshy
can I try the pseudonym the rich and the
powerful like start they don't care
about us the world's changing boys time
we change too these weapons are crazy
dangerous missing Peter forget the
flying monster guy the people who handle
this sort of thing illegal weapons
Berger was a 230 you missed it
[Music]
what if somebody had died I was just
trying to be like you I wanted to be
better I'm gonna need the suit back well
I'm nothing without this suit if you're
nothing without this suit then you
shouldn't have it I screwed up you need
to stop carrying the weight of the world
on your shoulders I want you to
understand I'll do anything to protect
my family I know you know what I'm
talking about
so don't mess with me
just have to kill you and everybody in
love
still out there I've just got to do this
on my knee
just don't do anything stupid
all right yeah